# Cellphone_Robot

The world of robotics is quickly expanding. Research into robotics has led to applications in many industries and situations inside and outside the world. This research paper aims to further said research by investigating the possibility of having robots interact with physical world and record its experience on social media, just as humans do today. This research project attempts to answer the question, 'Is it is possible to have a robot interact so smoothly with people on social media that they would assume they were interacting with another human?' This paper details an investigation into robot interaction with physical world and with social media upon command.

To undergo this exploration, the robot was built using a robot kit and an android phone. The aim is to have the robot accept a location command via text message, plot a course to its destination, reach that destination, and take a picture of said destination. The robot would then upload that image onto a social media website. The robot built could carry out its task, but there are many possible improvements.

One of such improvements could be in the size, sturdiness and agility of the wheels and motors of the robot. This would make movement over various surfaces smoother and faster. Another improvement could be in the location code for the GPS. The current code can be improved to get a more accurate location and plot a path to its destination faster. Also, the robot's logic could be enhanced to follow the path much faster. Other improvements may include the ability to navigate indoors, interpret complex instructions, go to multiple locations and take multiple pictures depending on the situation and on prior instructions. Additionally, the code structure of the code could become more modular to allow for a more flexible design. That is to allow for future expansion and improvements of the code easily. Moreover, a future goal for the app written for the purposes of this project is to be able to identify the type of robot it is attached to and control it autonomously. It is also desired for the robot to have obstacle avoidance to allow for better navigation.
